#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
alembic==1.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   starlette
    #   watchgod
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pwdlib
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
asyncpg==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pwdlib
black==24.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
build==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   click
config==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jwt
    #   pyjwt
databases==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
fastapi==0.110.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
fastapi-users==13.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users-db-sqlalchemy
fastapi-users-db-sqlalchemy==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
httptools==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jwt==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
makefun==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
mako==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
orjson==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   build
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pony==0.7.17
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg==3.1.18
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pwdlib[argon2,bcrypt]==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-users
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   databases
    #   fastapi-users-db-sqlalchemy
starlette==0.37.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiosqlite
    #   alembic
    #   fastapi
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.1
    # via psycopg
ujson==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
watchgod==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
